chore: add upgrade command (#447)
zendeskgarden/website: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

  run as a git `pre-commit` hook.
- `yarn build` to rebuild the Gatsby site JS, CSS, and HTML. The build runs
  as part of the initial install.

> - `yarn run upgrade` - upgrades the `react-component` git submodule and component packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `yarn run upgrade` to upgrade Garden component packages and sync the `react-components` submodule.
```

- grammar alignment with existing bullets (incl. period)
- correction re: `react-components`
- written to correspond with script order-of-operation
